For students who have not earned any degree outside of the United States of America:


Applications for the ADR certificate will be accepted on a rolling basis as space is available until our final application deadline. The Admissions Committee will not review an application until all transcripts and supporting documents are received. It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure that all of their documents are submitted by the final application deadline and before a decision will be made on the application.
To apply for admission, submit the following application materials:
1. Online Application:
Complete this online application. As you work on your application, please note that your work will not be saved automatically.
2. Personal Statement:
Provide a two or three-page document that includes your personal, academic, and professional background, as well as your reasons for pursuing an ADR certificate. If you have prior education or experience in alternative dispute resolution, please take a paragraph or two to tell us about it. Email your personal statement to adr@law.usc.edu.
3. Resume/Curriculum Vitae (CV):
Provide a record of your employment history and list of any distinctions, publications, and licenses/credentials by emailing your resume/CV to adr@law.usc.edu.
4. Official Transcripts and Degree Verification:
Applicants must have earned their bachelor's degree by the time they enroll at USC Gould School of Law. No law degree is required. See a country-by-country breakdown of our requirements.
Official transcripts are required to be submitted from all institutions attended even if a degree was never received or credit was transferred from an institution and it appears on another institution's transcripts. If you are currently a student enrolled in a program, we will need your current transcripts to date. Please have transcripts sent by postal mail to USC Gould School of Law at the address below or by email to adr@law.usc.edu. Official transcripts must be received directly from the university/college.
Standalone Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) Certificate
USC Gould School of Law
699 Exposition Boulevard, Room 105
Los Angeles, California 90089-0071
While the university does not require a GPA minimum, our Admissions Committee will strongly consider those applicants who have earned an overall 3.0/B average or higher. Our Admissions Committee will certainly consider GPAs below our recommendation, provided that you meet our other admissions criteria.
The LSAT or GRE exam is not required for admission. In addition, letters of recommendation are not required.

For students who have earned any degree outside of the United States of America:




Applications for the ADR certificate will be accepted on a rolling basis as space is available until our final application deadline. The Admissions Committee will not review an application until all transcripts and supporting documents are received. It is the applicant's responsibility to ensure that all of their documents are submitted by the final application deadline and before a decision will be made on the application.
Since you have earned (or are currently earning) a degree from outside of the United States, please apply for admission by completing an online application through the Law School Admission Council (LSAC) and submitting your supplemental application materials through LSAC's Credential Assembly Service. Creating a LSAC account requires a one-time fee of $94 for utilizing LSAC's Document Assembly Service (DAS). DAS is effective for a period of five years. As a courtesy and to help applicants offset this cost, we have waived the USC Gould School of Law's separate application fee for applicants who submit their applications prior to our priority deadline.
Among the required information and documents that you will submit through LSAC are:
1. Online LSAC Application
2. Official Transcripts and Degree Verification:
Applicants must have earned their bachelor's degree by the time they enroll at USC Gould School of Law. No law degree is required. See a country-by-country breakdown of our requirements.
You are required to submit your official transcripts through the LSAC Credential Assembly Service. Transcripts must be evaluated through LSAC's International Transcript Authentication and Evaluation Service (ITAES). You will need to subscribe to the following LSAC services:
* Document Assembly Service: $94
* International Transcript Authentication and Evaluation Service (ITAES): $140
* Law School Report: $34
Transcripts must be submitted directly to LSAC by the university and should not be mailed to USC Gould School of Law. LSAC provides detailed instructions on submitting your transcripts.
3. Personal Statement:
Provide a two or three-page document that includes your personal, academic, and professional background and your reasons for pursuing an ADR certificate. If you have prior education or experience in alternative dispute resolution, please take a paragraph or two to tell us about it.
4. Resume/Curriculum Vitae:
Provide a record of your employment history and list any distinctions, publications, and licenses/credentials.