The Graduate and International Programs office is available to help you develop your individual job search strategies. We offer dedicated career advisors who help our students and alumni with their career development by providing personalized advice and review of resumes, cover letters and applications.
Throughout the academic year, we will host several career workshops to cover the basics of the job search process in the U.S. We organize career panels with alumni and industry leaders so you can learn more about possible career pathways. If you hold a first degree in law from outside of the U.S., you can participate in two LLM-exclusive job fairs in New York and Los Angeles during the year. These career fairs provide foreign-trained students from top law schools with the opportunity to interview with prospective employers from the U.S. and abroad.
You also will be able to attend USC Gould Continuing Legal Education conferences, at which you can make valuable connections with law professionals, USC Gould alumni and peers.
To assist you, we offer academic support resources throughout the year, bar exam preparation and help with applications, and we work with the Office of International Services to address issues regarding Optional Practical Training.
Bar Exam Preparation
Enrollment in an LLM degree does not guarantee that you will be eligible to take a U.S. bar exam or practice law in the United States. You should review the requirements set by each state in which you wish to sit for the exam. The National Conference of Bar Examiner's Comprehensive Guide to Bar Admission Requirements provides additional information.
USC Gould academic advisers can assist you with choosing courses that help prepare you for the bar exams in New York, California, Washington and the District of Columbia. Students are able to enroll in both a bar exam "track" and a certificate "track."
We also offer an Early Bar Preparation series of four daylong workshops exclusively for our students throughout the year. The workshops cover pertinent substantive law tested by the bar exam as well as guidance on essay writing, multiple choice, performance tests and general test-taking skills.
Optional Practical Training
Some LLM students choose to enhance their U.S. legal education by gaining short-term, practical training in a law firm or other legal setting after graduation. If you are here on an F-1 student visa, the Graduate & International Programs office will assist you with the application for Optional Practical Training (OPT) during the spring semester. For current rules on OPT - the authorization required for eligibility for such work experiences - visit the USC Office of International Services website.
LLM-JD Transfer Program
Students enrolled in the 1 Year LLM may be eligible to apply to the LLM-JD Transfer Program at USC Gould. For more information on the LLM-JD Transfer Program, please visit this link.