The LLM in International Business and Economic Law degree is offered through the USC Gould School of Law in connection with its Center for Transnational Law and Business. The center promotes world-class policy analysis, research and educational opportunities in international law, business and policy.
As a student earning the LLM in International Business and Economic Law degree, you will develop a global perspective and interdisciplinary skills that will enable you to understand and integrate relevant laws, policies and business best practices that shape international commerce and trade. You will receive training in negotiating and facilitating cross-border transactions, and master the organizational, transactional and compliance aspects of servicing globally engaged clients.
The LLM in International Business and Economic Law is a one-year, 24-unit degree program offered on campus on a full-time basis, with enrollment in fall and spring semesters. This LLM is open to anyone with a law degree (JD, LLB or equivalent).

LLM in IBEL Degree Outcomes
Through the LLM in IBEL degree, you will build key skills and knowledge:
* Understand the organizational, transactional and compliance aspects of servicing global clients.
* Identify practical issues that transactional lawyers confront when advising business organizations across the globe.
* Understand relevant laws, policies and business best practices related to international commerce and trade.
* Develop a basic understanding of regulatory regimes governing business practices which multinational and other companies that are engaged in cross-border transactions must comply with.
* Practice negotiation skills relevant to cross-border transactions.


The USC Gould Advantage
When you join USC Gould, you will become part of a dynamic and diverse law school community, learn from world-class faculty, enroll in small and collegial classes, and join the global Trojan Family network of more than 15,000 law school alumni. Our graduates include partners in the world's largest law firms, pioneers in public service, and presidents and CEOs of industry-leading companies.
Why Choose LLM in IBEL at USC Gould?
Study at a top-rated law school
Earn your master's degree from one of the premier law schools in the United States.
Scholarships and housing stipends
All applicants will be considered automatically for our scholarship awards and housing stipends. Exceptional candidates will receive a prestigious International Business Scholars Award.
Join the renowned Trojan Family
A renowned network of over 437,000 USC alumni - including over 15,000 law school alumni - who are deeply committed to furthering the success of fellow graduates, Gould graduates include partners in the world's largest law firms as well as CEOs and presidents of leading-edge companies.
Career and professional support
USC Gould offers workshops and individually tailored guidance on developing your career plan, as well as mentorship opportunities and tools for law school exam preparation and bar exam preparation.




Application Fee Waiver
We will automatically waive our $75 application fee for LLM applicants who apply before our February 1 priority deadline. 


Students for now — Trojans for life.
When you graduate from USC Gould, you join USC's famed Trojan Family.
An alumni network over 437,000 strong, the Trojan Family spans the globe and will remain one of your most valuable — and lifelong — professional resources. Our more-than 15,000 law alumni share a steadfast commitment to nurturing the next generation of students.