The Master of Laws (LLM) in Privacy Law and Cybersecurity degree provides an interdisciplinary perspective for law students who wish to develop skills that will enable them to understand and integrate relevant laws, policies and best practices that shape privacy law and cybersecurity.
As a student earning the LLM in Privacy Law and Cybersecurity degree, you will have the opportunity to explore the legal framework concerning information privacy in the U.S. and common legal issues and emerging law in the areas of privacy and cybersecurity. Knowledge of privacy laws and awareness of cybersecurity issues will provide you with the ability to mitigate risk and deal with threats in the workplace.
The LLM in Privacy Law and Cybersecurity is a one-year, 24-unit degree program offered on campus on a full-time basis, and enrollment is limited to the fall semester. This LLM is open to anyone with a law degree (JD, LLB or equivalent).


LLM in PLCS Degree Outcomes
Through the LLM in Privacy Law and Cybersecurity degree you will build key skills and knowledge:
* Evaluate, manage and mitigate risk associated with the acquiring, storage/retention, use, sharing and disposing of data.
* Identify privacy and data protection issues across various sectors.
* Understand the legal aspects of cyber risks in different business sectors, including legal issues with computer hacking crimes, identity theft, internet fraud, malware and phishing offenses, and civil torts.
* Identify threats to cybersecurity and the necessary compliance frameworks for cybersecurity.
* Communicate effectively about privacy and data protection issues.
* Demonstrate solutions to relevant stakeholders such as customers, end users, suppliers, vendors, regulatory authorities, and others.


The USC Gould Advantage
When you join USC Gould, you will become part of a dynamic and diverse law school community, learn from world-class faculty, enroll in small and collegial classes, and join the global Trojan Family network of more than 15,000 law school alumni. Our graduates include partners in the world's largest law firms, pioneers in public service, and presidents and CEOs of industry-leading companies.
Why Choose LLM in PLCS at USC Gould?
Study at a top-rated law school
Earn your master's degree from one of the premier law schools in the United States.
Scholarships and housing stipends
All applicants will be considered automatically for our scholarship awards and housing stipends. Exceptional candidates will receive a prestigious Privacy Law and Cybersecurity Scholars Award
Join the renowned Trojan Family
A renowned network of over 437,000 USC alumni - including over 15,000 law school alumni - who are deeply committed to furthering the success of fellow graduates, Gould graduates include partners in the world's largest law firms as well as CEOs and presidents of leading-edge companies.
Career and professional support
USC Gould offers workshops and individually tailored guidance on developing your career plan, as well as mentorship opportunities and tools for law school exam preparation and bar exam preparation.
Application Fee Waiver
We will automatically waive our $75 application fee for LLM applicants who apply before our February 1 priority deadline. 


Students for now — Trojans for life.
When you graduate from USC Gould, you join USC's famed Trojan Family.
An alumni network over 437,000 strong, the Trojan Family spans the globe and will remain one of your most valuable — and lifelong — professional resources. Our more-than 15,000 law alumni share a steadfast commitment to nurturing the next generation of students.