The Master of International Trade Law and Economics (MITLE) degree is offered by USC Gould School of Law jointly with USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences Department of Economics. This degree provides students with an interdisciplinary, global perspective and the knowledge and skills relevant to the laws, policies, and business practices that shape international trade and economics.
The Master of International Trade Law and Economics is a one-year, 32-unit degree program offered on campus on a full-time basis. USC offers a spring and fall start date.
This degree is open to anyone with a bachelor's degree in any field; however, students are required to have a solid foundation in mathematics, including calculus.

Degree Outcomes
* Understand relevant laws, policies and business best practices related to international trade and economics.
* Develop a basic understanding of the quantitative methods and data sources used in economic and trade policy analysis.
* Demonstrate a general understanding of the economic aspects and legal regulations involved with international trade.
* Identify practical issues that arise when engaging in international trade law and economics.


Why Choose USC?
Top reasons to pursue the Master of International Trade Law and Economics degree offered by USC Gould and USC Dornsife:


2 renowned schools, 1 distinctive degree
The Master of International Trade Law and Economics (MITLE) degree is offered jointly by USC Dornsife College of Letters, Art and Sciences Department of Economics and USC Gould School of Law. 


Enroll in specialized coursework
Prepare for careers in government, international trade, economics, and policy work with targeted curriculum taught by experienced faculty.


Benefit from an interdisciplinary education
Learn from leading experts in economics and law. Gain a global perspective on the policies and practices shaping the field.


Receive career and professional support
USC offers workshops and individually tailored guidance on developing your career plan, as well as mentorship opportunities and tools for exam preparation.


Join the renowned Trojan Family
A global network of over 437,000 USC alumni - including over 15,000 law school alumni - who are deeply committed to furthering the success of fellow graduates, Gould graduates include partners in the world's largest law firms as well as CEOs and presidents of  leading-edge companies.


Scholarships offered
All applicants will be considered automatically for our scholarship awards.