Tuition and Fees
Tuition for the standalone ADR certificate is charged on a per unit basis for each semester up to 7 units enrolled. For 2023-24, the per-unit tuition rate is $2,956, and university fees for the academic year is $1,600.
Textbooks and other course materials average an additional $500 per semester.
USC's Office of Student Financial Services offers numerous payment options, including an interest-free USC Payment Plan for tuition and fees, paid in monthly installments.
USC Gould Scholarships
All students admitted to our ADR programs will be considered automatically for merit scholarships. Students who apply by our priority deadline will also be considered for our USC housing stipend. Those who are awarded a scholarship will be notified upon receiving their offer of admission.
Outside Scholarships
USC's Office of Academic Honors and Fellowships oversees a number of scholarship, fellowship, and other funding opportunities for graduate students, many of which are open to students in USC Gould's Graduate & International Programs. You may search the Awards and Fellowship Database for opportunities specific to your interests.
Germany and Mexico offer graduate scholarships to students enrolled at USC Gould.
We also encourage you to explore financial aid from additional sources in the U.S. or your home country. In order to assist you, we have set forth a list of outside scholarship resources for your reference. While we do not have further information on these organizations nor do we endorse any, we do encourage students to contact the organizations themselves for more information.
Federal Loans
U.S. citizens and permanent residents who wish to pay for school through loans from the U.S. government must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA can be completed as early as October 1 of the year prior to the year in which you intend to enroll, and should be completed as early as possible. USC's school code is 001328.
After you have successfully completed the FAFSA, you will receive an electronic notification from USC Gould's Office Financial Aid with additional information and instructions on the federal loan application process.
Private Loans
USC's Office of Financial Aid offers information about private educational loans.