Tuition and Fees
Online LLM tuition for the 2023-2024 academic year is $62,076, plus university fees, as described below.
Tuition
	$2,956 per unit
	Graduate Programming Fee
	$20 per semester
	Norman Topping Student Aid Fund
	$11 per semester
	Tuition Refund Insurance (Optional)
	$35 per semester
	Student Health Insurance (Waivable)*
	Fall 2023: $1,754
Spring 2024 and Summer 2024: $3,388
	*Student health insurance can be waived if proof of coverage is provided by the deadline set by USC Student Health.
Textbooks and other course materials average $500 per semester.
Note:
* Your admission commitment deposit will be credited toward your first semester tuition and fees.
* All costs listed on this page are subject to change without notice. No estimate may be considered a bill of expenses for USC.
* USC Gould students pay the same tuition rate regardless of their state of residence. Tuition and fees are set annually by the USC Board of Trustees and are subject to change. In recent years, tuition has increased by 3 percent to 5 percent.
Scholarships
You will receive automatic consideration for USC Gould's merit-based scholarships. Scholarship offers are released at the time of admission.
Paying for your Certificate
USC's Office of Student Financial Services offers numerous payment options, including an interest-free USC Payment Plan for tuition and fees paid in monthly installments.
Federal Loans
U.S. citizens and permanent residents who wish to pay for school through loans from the U.S. government must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA can be completed as early as October 1 of the year prior to the year in which you intend to enroll, and should be completed as early as possible. USC's school code is 001328.
After you have successfully completed the FAFSA, and have been admitted, you will receive an electronic notification from USC Gould's Office Financial Aid office with additional information and instructions on the federal loan application process. For additional details about the student loan options available to graduate students, please click here.
Private Loans
USC's Office of Financial Aid offers information about private educational loans.
Corporate Billing
USC students who are sponsored by a company; a local, state, federal, or international governmental agency; or branch of the U.S. military may be eligible to have all or a portion of their bills sent directly to the sponsor. Payment by the sponsor is due upon receipt of the bill. The charges paid by the sponsor can vary - some will pay for tuition and mandatory fees, others will also pay for parking, housing, dining, or other charges. The student is responsible for paying any charges not authorized by the agency. For more information on how to arrange for corporate billing visit the USC Agency Billing office.
Employer Reimbursement
USC students who receive tuition reimbursement from their employer have the opportunity to defer up to 75% of their tuition payment until the end of the semester. Students whose employers reimburse at the end of each semester rather than paying for tuition upfront should visit USC's Student Financial Services' website.
Veteran Benefits
USC students who are active duty military personnel and veterans may qualify for education benefits through various Veteran Affairs (VA) and State programs. Please visit VA Resource Center for details on available programs.
Follow this link to the U.S. Department of Veterans Administration web page on education and training benefits.
Follow this link to the California Department of Veterans Affairs web page on education benefits.