Tuition and Fees
Tuition for 2023-2024 is $76,438 plus mandatory fees, which are detailed in the Tuition and Fee Schedule.
You should budget an additional $29,074 for living expenses, books and supplies during the nine-month academic year as set forth in the Estimated Cost of Attendance.
Paying for Your Degree
USC's Office of Student Financial Services offers numerous payment options, including an interest-free USC Payment Plan for tuition, fees, university housing, meals and other charges, paid in monthly installments.
International students can pursue on-campus, part-time employment to supplement living expenses. Open jobs are posted on ConnectSC.


2023-24 Estimated Cost of Attendance
The average cost of attendance is detailed below and includes tuition, fees, books and living expenses during the nine-month academic year.
 
	Living On/Off Campus
	Total
	$105,512*
	Tuition
	$76,438 (flat rate up to 15 units per semester)
	Mandatory Fees
	$1,600
	Books/Supplies
	$2,200
	Housing Rent
	$12,600
	Meals
	$7,290
	Personal/Misc
	$2,620
	Transportation
	$2,764
	*International Students: Upon admission to our Fall 2023 class, you must provide proof of funds in the amount of $70,990 for the purpose of your I-20 documents for your F-1 student visa. Please note that this amount does not reflect your actual tuition and fees to attend Gould School of Law. Please plan to budget sufficient funds using the above Estimated Cost of Attendance. We will confirm the tuition for the 2023-2024 academic year closer to the beginning of fall semester.
2023-24 Tuition and Fee Schedule
The figures below represent the cost for a full academic year. These fees are divided equally between the fall and spring semesters unless otherwise noted.
Tuition
	$76,438 (flat rate up to 15 units per semester)
	USC Health Center Fee
	$1,200
	Graduate & International Programs Fee (Fall only)
	$175
	Graduate Programming Fee
	$80
	Student Bar Association Fee
	$120
	Norman Topping Scholarship Fee
	$22
	USC Health Insurance Plan (Can be waived, if proof of coverage provided)*
	$2,702 (Fall = $948; Spring/ Summer =$1754)
	Tuition Refund Insurance (Optional)
	$260 (estimate)
	Parking Permit (Optional)
	$1,000 (estimate)
	USC Dental Insurance (Optional)
	$136 (fall only, but coverage is for the full year)
	*International Students: Please note that most international health insurance plans are not accepted. Thus, most international students purchase the USC Health Insurance Plan. Your insurance plan must meet the minimum requirements to support your visa as well as the criteria listed here.
Note: Your admission commitment deposit will be credited towards your tuition and fees.




USC Gould Scholarships
USC Gould School of Law offers highly selective merit scholarship opportunities to outstanding students who represent the exceptional quality and diversity within our Graduate & International Programs student body.
All applicants to our programs are automatically considered for each of our scholarship awards and no additional documents are required. No separate application is necessary, but you are welcome to submit a brief letter with your degree application to highlight your qualifications.
Scholarship offers are released via email at the time of admission.
Dean's Academic Excellence Award: Merit based awards offered in varying amounts in recognition of strong academic achievement and promise of making a meaningful contribution to our law school community.
Global Impact Scholarship Award: Merit based awards offered in varying amounts to support extraordinary students who show potential for making a significant contribution to the international legal community.
E-Fellows Germany Scholarship Award: A $40,000 scholarship offered to past or present participants in the E-Fellows LLM Day in Berlin, Frankfurt or Munich.
Mexico Graduate Scholarship Awards: A $10,000 scholarship offered to applicants who are accepted to the CONACYT-FUNED joint program loan.
COLFUTURO Awards: A half-tuition award for up to one academic year offered to one to five applicants who have been selected for the COLFUTURO Loan-Scholarship, in accordance with the COLFUTURO-USC Collaborative Agreement.
USC Housing Stipends
Students who apply by our priority deadline will be automatically considered for our USC housing stipend, which is available in varying amounts and may be used toward your on campus or off campus housing.
As with any of our scholarship awards, you do not need to submit a separate application to be eligible. Students may receive both a merit award and the USC housing stipend.
Outside Scholarships
USC's Office of Academic Honors and Fellowships oversees a number of scholarship, fellowship, and other funding opportunities for graduate students, many of which are open to students in USC Gould's Graduate & International Programs. You may search the Awards and Fellowship Database for opportunities specific to your interests.
We also encourage you to explore financial aid from additional sources in the U.S. or your home country. In order to assist you, we have set forth a list of outside scholarship resources for your reference. While we do not have further information on these organizations nor do we endorse any, we do encourage students to contact the organizations themselves for more information.
Federal Loans
U.S. citizens and permanent residents who wish to pay for school through loans from the U.S. government must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA can be completed as early as October 1 of the year prior to the year in which you intend to enroll, and should be completed as early as possible. USC's school code is 001328.
After you have successfully completed the FAFSA, and have been admitted, you will receive an electronic notification from USC Gould's Office Financial Aid with additional information and instructions on the federal loan application process. For additional details about the student loan options available to graduate students, please refer to http://financialaid.usc.edu/loans/.
Private Loans
USC's Office of Financial Aid offers information about private educational loans.