Gould School of Law (GNIP) 
In partnership with USC Housing the USC Gould School of Law is pleased to offer safe, convenient, and fully-furnished housing at a competitive and affordable rate. Our housing is designed to support students in the Graduate and International Program (GNIP) by providing them a place where they can live together. Located in Founders Apartments, our housing is close to campus and within USC’s Department of Public Safety’s patrol zone. Residents are also close to public transportation, including the expanded Metro Expo line. Space is allocated per person in same gender apartments. Married students should contact USC Housing about the availability of Family Housing. Completing the online application is easy. Housing will be prioritized for students who submit their applications to USC Housing by April 19, 2024. Housing applications will continue to be accepted after April 19, and assignments made on a space available basis. We will make your move to Los Angeles easy. Find your home away from home in USC Housing! 




Facility Description: The program is housed in the three story Founders apartment building (FSA) with a large ground-floor garage, located in the North University Park area, about three blocks north of campus.


Rents:  3 Bedroom / 3 Person: $1,430 per person, per month* Utilities: Charges for all utilities, including water, electricity and gas, are included in the rent. Contract Dates:  Graduate Academic (9 Month) Contract Start: Monday, August 12, 2024, 8:30 AM End: Wednesday, May 14, 2025, 5:00 PM Dates are for continuous occupancy during the contract period— apartments do not close for university breaks. Amenities:  Each resident has a desk, three dresser drawers and a shared closet. Residents have a full, extra long (54” by 80”) bed.  The full kitchen is equipped with a stove, full-size refrigerator and sink. Residents will need to provide their own linens, small appliances and kitchen-ware.  Individual air-conditioning units in each bedroom.  Basic cable and WiFi Internet connections are included in the rent.  Laundry and recreation rooms. Parking and Transportation: Spaces in the enclosed parking garage are assigned by USC Transportation Services on a first-come, first-served basis; not all residents are ensured a space. Please check the Transportation website at: transnet.usc.edu for more details. There is a USC bus route stop right in front of the building; buses run between housing locations and the main campus.




Application and Contracting Apply on-line at: housingapp.usc.edu New, incoming students may apply for housing once they have been admitted to the university and been issued a ten digit USC student identification number. Online application for academic year 2024-2025 will be available February 1, 2024. In order for your application to be processed correctly it is essential that you do the following when applying:  Select the “Graduate Academic Year” (9 month) term  List the 3B3P room type in Founders as your housing preference  Select “Gould School of Law (GNIP)” as your graduate housing program Housing Term Gould School of Law Graduate and International Program Graduate students should only request the “Graduate Academic Year (9 month)” term. Application Begin your application by selecting ‘Continue’ ‘Personal and Contact Details’ ‘Specific Accommodation Request’ Indicate here if you have any special physical or medical needs we should consider when making your assignment. (You must register with Office of Student Accessibility Services if you require specific housing.) ‘Profile’ This information can be used for roommate matching. ‘Application Category’ Newly admitted students should choose “New to USC”. ‘List Housing Preferences’ Be sure to list preferences in Founders only. Applicants for the Gould School of Law Graduate and International Program will be considered for Founders spaces only. ‘Graduate Program’ Choose “Gould School of Law (GNIP)” as your graduate housing program. ‘Pay Application Fee’ USC Housing cannot process your application without payment of the $60 non-refundable application fee. (This fee cannot be waived.) Payment can be made by Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover cards. At this point your application is complete. You have the option to continue on to request specific roommates or search for compatible roommates. ‘Roommates’ If you would like to request a specific roommate from among the students applying for Gould School of Law Graduate and International Program Graduate Housing, you can form or join an existing Roommate Group with that person on our application portal. Roommate requests must be mutual and you must both be of the same gender. You may later request a specific roommate in writing by contacting USC Housing. Roommate requests cannot be guaranteed. 


Assignments Priority will be given to Gould School of Law Graduate and International Program Graduate applicants who apply by April 19, 2024. Applicants not assigned initially will be placed on a wait list and assigned if and when spaces come available through cancellation. Once you have been assigned, you will be notified by e-mail and directed to the USC Housing web site to review and confirm your contract. ‘Housing Assignment’ Log back on to the portal and check this step to view your assignment. Contracts ‘Pay Confirmation Fee’ Your $800 confirmation payment should be submitted electronically by Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover cards. Half of this fee will be credited back to you in the fall semester and half in the spring semester. ‘Contract and Finish’ Here you will confirm your housing contract and agree to the terms of the Living Agreement.  If you do not confirm the acceptance of your contract and make the confirmation payment by the due date indicated, your assignment will be cancelled and given to another applicant. Cancellations If you decide to cancel your application prior to being assigned or cancel your housing assignment prior to confirming your contract, print out and complete the cancellation form available on our website and send it to USC Housing Services. The application or assignment will be cancelled; the $60 processing fee will not be refunded. Once you have confirmed your contract and made the confirmation payment, you are responsible for the terms of the contract. You may, however, request cancellation by submitting a cancellation form.  If your cancellation is granted by June 7, 2024 you will receive a refund of the contract-confirmation payment.  If your cancellation is granted after June 7, you will not be eligible for a refund of any portion of the contract confirmation payment, even if you decide to withdraw from the university.  If your cancellation request is not granted, your contract will be in force and you will be held to its provisions.